{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ================================================================\
AI PRODUCT ENGINEER \'97 INTERVIEW Q&A PREP\
Based on: Ishant Thakare's Resume + JD\
================================================================\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 1: MULTI-AGENT SYSTEM DESIGN\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q1. Walk me through a multi-agent system you've built.\
\
A: In my Test Analysis Framework, I built a LangGraph-based pipeline with distinct agents \'97\
one for log parsing, one for semantic diagnosis, and one for Jira ticket generation. Each agent\
had a defined role and communicated via shared state. The orchestrator decided routing based\
on the output of the previous node. This reduced manual debugging time by 80%.\
\
Example:\
    log_parser_node --> diagnosis_node --> jira_node\
    Each node reads from and writes to a shared AgentState dict.\
    The diagnosis node writes \{"diagnosis": "OOM error", "confidence": 0.92\}\
    and the jira node reads that to auto-fill ticket fields.\
\
---\
\
Q2. How do you decide when to use a single agent vs. multiple agents?\
\
A: Single agent when the task is a focused, single-domain reasoning loop \'97 e.g., summarizing\
a document. Multiple agents when tasks are parallel, require different expertise, or have clear\
handoff boundaries. In my health coach project, I split retrieval, reasoning, and action into\
separate agents because each had distinct tool sets and context requirements. More agents =\
more complexity, so I default to single unless there's a clear reason to split.\
\
Example:\
    Single agent:  "Summarize this incident report" \uc0\u8594  one LLM call, done.\
    Multi-agent:   "Triage this alert" \uc0\u8594 \
                   Agent 1: fetch enrichment data from SIEM\
                   Agent 2: reason over enriched context\
                   Agent 3: create ticket + notify on-call\
\
---\
\
Q3. How do you design agent collaboration \'97 how do agents hand off work?\
\
A: In LangGraph, I model handoffs as edges in the state graph. Each agent node writes its\
output into the shared state dict, and the next node reads from it. For dynamic routing, I use\
conditional edges where a router function inspects state and returns the next node name.\
\
Example:\
    def route(state):\
        if state["confidence"] < 0.7:\
            return "human_review"\
        return "action_node"\
\
    graph.add_conditional_edges("reasoning_node", route)\
\
---\
\
Q4. How do you prevent agents from going into infinite loops?\
\
A: I set a max_iterations counter in the state and check it at the router. If it exceeds the\
limit, I force-route to a fallback or termination node. LangGraph also supports recursion\
limits at the graph level via the config parameter.\
\
Example:\
    def route(state):\
        if state["iterations"] >= 5:\
            return "fallback_node"\
        return "reasoning_node"\
\
    # Also set at graph level:\
    app.invoke(input, config=\{"recursion_limit": 10\})\
\
---\
\
Q5. How would you design a supervisor/orchestrator pattern?\
\
A: The supervisor is a central LLM node that receives the task, decides which sub-agent to\
call next, and evaluates the result. Sub-agents are tools from the supervisor's perspective.\
The supervisor loops until it decides the task is complete or needs escalation.\
\
Example:\
    Supervisor receives: "Investigate alert #4521"\
    \uc0\u8594  calls researcher_agent (fetches SIEM data)\
    \uc0\u8594  calls reasoning_agent (diagnoses root cause)\
    \uc0\u8594  calls action_agent (creates remediation ticket)\
    \uc0\u8594  decides: task complete, exit loop.\
\
---\
\
Q6. How do you handle inter-agent context \'97 what gets passed between agents?\
\
A: Only what's necessary. I keep the shared state lean \'97 avoid dumping full conversation\
history into every node. For long contexts, I summarize or retrieve relevant chunks from\
memory instead of passing raw data. This keeps latency low and avoids token bloat.\
\
Example:\
    Bad:  state["full_log"] = 50000 token raw log file  \uc0\u8592  passed to every node\
    Good: state["log_summary"] = "OOM at line 412, service: auth-svc"\
          state["relevant_chunks"] = top_3_retrieved_snippets\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 2: STATE MANAGEMENT & ORCHESTRATION\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q7. How does state management work in LangGraph?\
\
A: LangGraph uses a TypedDict as the shared state object. Every node receives the full state,\
modifies its relevant keys, and returns the updated slice. The graph merges updates using\
reducers (default is overwrite; you can use add for list accumulation).\
\
Example:\
    class AgentState(TypedDict):\
        messages: Annotated[list, add_messages]\
        diagnosis: str\
        confidence: float\
\
    def diagnosis_node(state: AgentState):\
        result = llm.invoke(state["messages"])\
        return \{"diagnosis": result.content, "confidence": 0.88\}\
\
---\
\
Q8. How do you persist state across sessions?\
\
A: Using a checkpointer. MemorySaver for in-memory (dev/testing), SqliteSaver or\
PostgresSaver for production persistence. Each run gets a thread_id which acts as the\
session key.\
\
Example:\
    app = graph.compile(checkpointer=SqliteSaver(conn))\
\
    # First run\
    app.invoke(\{"messages": [HumanMessage("Investigate alert")]\},\
               config=\{"configurable": \{"thread_id": "session-123"\}\})\
\
    # Resume same session later\
    app.invoke(\{"messages": [HumanMessage("Continue")]\},\
               config=\{"configurable": \{"thread_id": "session-123"\}\})\
\
---\
\
Q9. Explain how you'd manage long-running workflows that span hours or days.\
\
A: Use a persistent checkpointer (Postgres/SQLite) so the graph state survives restarts.\
Pair with interrupt_before on nodes that require async inputs (like waiting for human\
approval or an external API webhook). The graph resumes from the checkpoint once the\
input arrives \'97 no reprocessing from scratch.\
\
Example:\
    Workflow: generate report \uc0\u8594  wait for manager approval \u8594  send to client\
    Step 2 might take 6 hours.\
    Graph pauses at "approval_node" via interrupt_before.\
    When manager approves via UI, app.update_state() is called and graph resumes\
    from exactly where it paused \'97 state fully intact.\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 3: MEMORY ARCHITECTURE\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q10. Explain your memory architecture in the Test Analysis Framework.\
\
A: Three layers:\
- Short-term: in-graph state for current session context\
- Long-term: ChromaDB for past resolutions and historical error patterns\
- Global: FAISS for fast similarity search across the full knowledge base\
\
On each new failure, the agent queries long-term memory first. If a similar resolution exists,\
it reuses it. Otherwise it reasons fresh and stores the new resolution back to memory.\
\
Example:\
    New error: "CUDA out of memory during model inference"\
    \uc0\u8594  Query ChromaDB: finds past resolution "reduce batch size to 16"\
    \uc0\u8594  Agent applies fix directly, skips LLM reasoning\
    \uc0\u8594  Saves 2-3 seconds of inference time per repeat error\
\
---\
\
Q11. What's the difference between short-term and long-term memory in agents?\
\
A: Short-term is within a single run \'97 the messages/state in the current graph execution.\
It's ephemeral. Long-term is cross-run \'97 stored in a vector DB or key-value store, retrieved\
via semantic search. Long-term memory is what lets an agent "remember" resolutions\
from weeks ago.\
\
Example:\
    Short-term: Agent remembers earlier in THIS conversation that the alert was severity P1.\
    Long-term:  Agent remembers that last month, a similar P1 alert on auth-svc\
                was resolved by restarting the token refresh service.\
\
---\
\
Q12. How do you handle memory retrieval quality \'97 what if irrelevant memories are fetched?\
\
A: I use a CrossEncoder reranker after initial retrieval to re-score candidates by actual\
relevance to the query. I also set a similarity threshold \'97 below a certain score, the memory\
is discarded rather than passed to the LLM. This prevents hallucination from noisy context.\
\
Example:\
    Query: "NullPointerException in payment service"\
    Initial retrieval returns 10 docs (some about DB timeouts \'97 not relevant)\
    CrossEncoder rescores \uc0\u8594  top 3 are all NullPointer-related\
    Similarity threshold (0.75) filters out the DB timeout docs\
    LLM only sees the 3 clean, relevant memories\
\
---\
\
Q13. What is semantic caching and when would you use it?\
\
A: Semantic caching stores LLM responses keyed by embedding of the input query. On a new\
query, if a semantically similar query exists in cache (cosine similarity above threshold),\
return the cached response directly \'97 no LLM call. Useful in high-traffic workflows where\
many queries are paraphrases of the same question.\
\
Example:\
    Query 1: "What caused the auth service to go down?"  \uc0\u8594  LLM call \u8594  cached\
    Query 2: "Why did auth-svc fail?"                    \uc0\u8594  cache hit (similarity 0.94)\
                                                         \uc0\u8594  returns cached response instantly\
    Saves ~1-2s latency and LLM cost on repeat queries.\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 4: RETRIEVAL AUGMENTED GENERATION (RAG)\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q14. Describe your RAG pipeline.\
\
A: I've built hybrid RAG using:\
- BM25 for keyword/sparse retrieval\
- Dense embeddings (SentenceTransformers) for semantic retrieval\
- RRF (Reciprocal Rank Fusion) to merge ranked results from both\
- CrossEncoder reranker to score top-k before passing to LLM\
- HyDE for query expansion on cold queries\
\
Example:\
    Query: "connection pool exhausted postgres"\
    BM25 retrieves:   exact keyword match docs (connection, pool, postgres)\
    Dense retrieves:  semantically similar docs (DB saturation, max connections)\
    RRF merges both ranked lists into one unified top-10\
    CrossEncoder picks top-3 most relevant\
    LLM generates answer grounded in those 3 docs\
\
---\
\
Q15. What is HyDE and when is it useful?\
\
A: HyDE (Hypothetical Document Embeddings) \'97 instead of embedding the raw query, you\
ask the LLM to generate a hypothetical answer to the query, then embed that and search.\
Useful when queries are vague or short and direct retrieval quality is poor.\
\
Example:\
    Query:              "k8s pod crash"   \uc0\u8592  too short, poor retrieval\
    HyDE:               LLM generates: "Kubernetes pod crashes are often caused by\
                        OOMKilled events, misconfigured resource limits, or failed\
                        liveness probes..."\
    Embed that text \uc0\u8594  search \u8594  retrieves much richer, relevant documents\
    Better than embedding the 3-word query directly.\
\
---\
\
Q16. How do you evaluate RAG quality?\
\
A: I use RAGAS metrics:\
- Faithfulness: are LLM claims grounded in retrieved context?\
- Answer Relevancy: does the answer address the question?\
- Context Recall: did retrieval fetch the right documents?\
- Context Precision: are the retrieved docs actually useful?\
\
Example:\
    Test case: Q="What is the fix for OOM error?" \
               Expected answer = "Reduce batch size"\
               Retrieved docs = [batch_size_guide, memory_tuning, unrelated_doc]\
    \
    Faithfulness:      Did LLM say "reduce batch size"? \uc0\u10003 \
    Context Precision: Was unrelated_doc in top results? \uc0\u10007  \u8594  improve retrieval\
    This tells you exactly which part of the pipeline to fix.\
\
---\
\
Q17. How do you chunk documents for a RAG pipeline?\
\
A: Depends on the document type. For logs/structured text, fixed-size chunks with overlap.\
For narrative documents, semantic chunking (SemanticChunker) which splits on topic\
boundaries rather than arbitrary token counts.\
\
Example:\
    Fixed chunking (logs):\
        chunk_size=512, overlap=50  \uc0\u8594  consistent, predictable for structured data\
\
    Semantic chunking (runbooks):\
        Splits on topic shift: "Setup" section stays together,\
        "Troubleshooting" section stays together \'97\
        not cut mid-paragraph just because token limit was hit.\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 5: HUMAN-IN-THE-LOOP (HITL)\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q18. How did you implement HITL in your projects?\
\
A: Using LangGraph's interrupt_before mechanism. The graph pauses before a specified node,\
surfaces the agent's output to an SME via Gradio UI. The SME reviews, edits if needed,\
and resumes the graph with app.update_state() + app.invoke() using the same thread_id.\
\
Example:\
    app = graph.compile(checkpointer=MemorySaver(), interrupt_before=["validate_node"])\
\
    # Graph pauses here \'97 SME sees proposed diagnosis in Gradio UI\
    # SME approves or edits, then:\
    app.update_state(config, \{"validated_output": sme_approved_text\})\
    app.invoke(None, config)  # graph resumes from validate_node\
\
---\
\
Q19. When should HITL be triggered in a production agent?\
\
A: Trigger HITL when:\
- Confidence score is below threshold\
- Action is irreversible (deleting data, executing a command, creating a ticket)\
- The task involves sensitive data or compliance scope\
- It's the first time a new error pattern is encountered\
\
Example:\
    Auto-approve:  agent summarizes an incident report        \uc0\u8594  low risk, no HITL\
    HITL required: agent proposes to restart a prod database  \uc0\u8594  irreversible, pause for human\
\
---\
\
Q20. How do you balance automation with control in sensitive environments?\
\
A: I use a tiered autonomy model:\
- Low-risk actions (read, query, summarize) \uc0\u8594  fully automated\
- Medium-risk (create ticket, send alert) \uc0\u8594  automated with audit log\
- High-risk (execute remediation, modify config) \uc0\u8594  HITL required\
\
Example:\
    SOC agent triage flow:\
    Tier 1: Fetch alert + enrich context          \uc0\u8594  automated\
    Tier 2: Create Jira ticket with diagnosis     \uc0\u8594  automated + logged\
    Tier 3: Block IP / isolate endpoint           \uc0\u8594  HITL checkpoint, SOC analyst approves\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 6: TOOL CALLING & INTEGRATIONS\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q21. How does tool calling work in LangChain/LangGraph?\
\
A: Tools are Python functions decorated with @tool. They're bound to the LLM with\
.bind_tools(). The LLM returns a tool_call in its response specifying the tool name and\
arguments. ToolNode executes the function and returns the result as a ToolMessage.\
\
Example:\
    @tool\
    def search_logs(query: str) -> str:\
        """Search historical logs for a given error pattern."""\
        return vector_db.search(query)\
\
    llm_with_tools = llm.bind_tools([search_logs])\
    # LLM decides when to call search_logs based on the query context\
\
---\
\
Q22. How do you handle tool failures gracefully?\
\
A: I configure ToolNode with handle_tool_errors=True. This catches exceptions and returns\
an error message as a ToolMessage instead of crashing the graph. The LLM then decides\
whether to retry, use a fallback tool, or escalate.\
\
Example:\
    tool_node = ToolNode(tools, handle_tool_errors=True)\
\
    # If search_logs raises a timeout exception:\
    # Instead of crash \uc0\u8594  LLM receives:\
    # ToolMessage: "Error: search_logs timed out after 5s"\
    # LLM responds: "Retrying with a narrower query..."\
\
---\
\
Q23. How would you integrate an agent with a third-party security tool like a SIEM?\
\
A: I'd wrap the SIEM's REST API as a LangChain tool. The tool handles auth, constructs\
the query, calls the endpoint, and returns structured results. The agent treats it like any\
other tool \'97 calls it when needed, parses the output, and reasons on top of it.\
\
Example:\
    @tool\
    def query_siem(alert_id: str) -> dict:\
        """Fetch alert details from SIEM by alert ID."""\
        response = requests.get(\
            f"\{SIEM_URL\}/alerts/\{alert_id\}",\
            headers=\{"Authorization": f"Bearer \{API_KEY\}"\}\
        )\
        return response.json()\
\
    # Agent call: query_siem("ALT-9921")\
    # Returns: \{"severity": "critical", "source_ip": "10.0.1.4", ...\}\
\
---\
\
Q24. You integrated Jira in your project \'97 how did that work?\
\
A: I wrapped the Jira REST API as a tool. After the agent diagnosed a log failure, it called\
the create_ticket tool with structured fields \'97 summary, description, priority, suggested fix.\
The tool hit the Jira API and returned the ticket URL stored in state and surfaced to the user.\
\
Example:\
    @tool\
    def create_jira_ticket(summary: str, description: str, priority: str) -> str:\
        """Create a Jira ticket and return its URL."""\
        payload = \{"summary": summary, "description": description,\
                   "priority": \{"name": priority\}\}\
        response = requests.post(JIRA_URL, json=payload, headers=AUTH_HEADERS)\
        return response.json()["self"]\
\
    # Agent output: "Ticket created: https://jira.company.com/browse/OPS-412"\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 7: FAULT TOLERANCE & RELIABILITY\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q25. How do you make agent workflows fault-tolerant?\
\
A: Four layers:\
1. Tool-level: handle_tool_errors=True + retry with backoff\
2. Node-level: try/except inside nodes, write error info to state\
3. Graph-level: conditional fallback edges when confidence is low or errors occur\
4. System-level: persistent checkpointing so crashed runs can resume\
\
Example:\
    Node-level:\
        def diagnosis_node(state):\
            try:\
                result = llm.invoke(state["messages"])\
                return \{"diagnosis": result.content\}\
            except Exception as e:\
                return \{"diagnosis": None, "error": str(e)\}\
\
    Graph-level:\
        def route(state):\
            if state.get("error"):\
                return "fallback_node"\
            return "action_node"\
\
---\
\
Q26. What's your approach to observability in agent systems?\
\
A: I log every node's input/output, tool calls, latency, and token usage. For production I'd\
use OpenTelemetry to trace the full agent execution path. LangSmith is also useful for\
LangChain/LangGraph \'97 it captures every LLM call, tool call, and state transition.\
\
Example:\
    Without observability: agent fails silently, you don't know which node caused it.\
    With LangSmith tracing:\
        Run trace shows:\
        diagnosis_node  \uc0\u8594  1.2s, 800 tokens \u10003 \
        tool: query_siem \uc0\u8594  4.8s TIMEOUT \u10007   \u8592  bottleneck identified immediately\
        fallback_node   \uc0\u8594  triggered\
\
---\
\
Q27. How do you handle hallucination risk in production agents?\
\
A: Three approaches:\
1. Ground every claim in retrieved context \'97 don't let the LLM generate unsupported facts\
2. Use structured output (Pydantic schemas) to constrain what the LLM can return\
3. Validate LLM output against known schemas or tool results before acting on it\
\
Example:\
    Instead of:  llm.invoke("What is the fix?")  \uc0\u8592  free-form, can hallucinate\
    Use:\
        class DiagnosisOutput(BaseModel):\
            root_cause: str\
            confidence: float\
            suggested_fix: str\
            source_doc_id: str   \uc0\u8592  forces LLM to cite a source\
\
        llm.with_structured_output(DiagnosisOutput).invoke(prompt)\
        # If source_doc_id doesn't exist in our DB \uc0\u8594  flag as hallucination\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 8: FEDERATED LEARNING (FROM RESUME)\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q28. What is Federated Learning and what did you build with it?\
\
A: FL trains a shared model across distributed nodes without centralizing raw data. Each node\
trains locally, sends only model updates to an aggregator, which merges them. In my health\
coach project, I used OpenFL to enable hospitals to collectively improve the model without\
sharing patient records.\
\
Example:\
    Traditional ML:  Hospital A sends patient data to central server \uc0\u8594  privacy risk\
    Federated ML:    Hospital A trains locally \uc0\u8594  sends only weight updates\
                     Hospital B trains locally \uc0\u8594  sends only weight updates\
                     Aggregator merges updates \uc0\u8594  improved global model\
                     No raw patient data ever leaves the hospital.\
\
---\
\
Q29. What was the straggler mitigation work you did?\
\
A: In distributed FL, stragglers are slow nodes that delay each training round. I redesigned\
the aggregation strategy to not wait for all nodes \'97 aggregate once a threshold percentage\
of nodes report back (e.g., 80%). Slow nodes are deprioritized in the next round.\
\
Example:\
    Without mitigation:  10 nodes, 1 slow node \uc0\u8594  entire round waits 5 extra minutes\
    With mitigation:     Aggregate when 8/10 nodes report back (80% threshold)\
                         Round completes on time, slow node catches up in next round\
                         Per-round latency reduced by ~60%.\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 9: CYBERSECURITY / SRE USE CASES\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q30. How would you design an agent for incident root cause analysis?\
\
A: Pipeline:\
1. Ingest alert \uc0\u8594  enrich with asset/service metadata via tools\
2. Retrieve similar past incidents from long-term memory (RAG)\
3. Correlate with recent deployment events, config changes via API tools\
4. LLM reasons over enriched context \uc0\u8594  produces ranked RCA hypotheses\
5. Route to automated runbook if confidence is high, else HITL for SRE review\
6. Log decision + outcome for future memory\
\
Example:\
    Alert: "auth-svc latency > 2s"\
    Step 2: RAG finds similar incident from 3 weeks ago \uc0\u8594  "caused by DB connection pool exhaustion"\
    Step 3: Checks deployment logs \uc0\u8594  new release was pushed 10 mins before alert\
    Step 4: LLM hypothesis: "New release likely introduced connection leak. Confidence: 0.89"\
    Step 5: Confidence > 0.85 \uc0\u8594  auto-trigger runbook: restart auth-svc pod\
\
---\
\
Q31. How would you approach runbook automation with agents?\
\
A: Runbooks are structured as tool sequences. I'd represent each runbook step as a tool,\
with preconditions checked before execution. The agent selects the right runbook via RAG,\
then executes steps sequentially with state tracking. Irreversible steps get HITL checkpoint.\
\
Example:\
    Runbook: "Restart auth-svc"\
    Step 1: check_pod_status("auth-svc")          \uc0\u8594  tool call, read-only \u10003  auto\
    Step 2: cordon_node("node-42")                \uc0\u8594  tool call, reversible \u10003  auto\
    Step 3: delete_pod("auth-svc-pod-7x9kl")      \uc0\u8594  irreversible \u8594  HITL pause\
    SRE approves \uc0\u8594  Step 3 executes \u8594  Step 4: verify_pod_healthy() \u8594  done\
\
---\
\
Q32. How do you handle security and compliance in agent systems?\
\
A: Key controls:\
- Least-privilege tool access \'97 each agent only has access to tools it needs\
- Audit logging of every tool call and decision with timestamp and user context\
- Input/output guardrails to prevent prompt injection or sensitive data leakage\
- HITL before any write/execute action in sensitive environments\
- Secrets managed via env vars / vault \'97 never hardcoded in agent logic\
\
Example:\
    Read-only agent (triage):   tools = [query_siem, search_kb, get_asset_info]\
    Action agent (remediation): tools = [create_ticket, restart_pod, block_ip]\
    These are separate agents with separate tool scopes \'97 the triage agent\
    physically cannot call restart_pod even if prompted to do so.\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 10: GENERAL / BEHAVIORAL\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q33. How do you evaluate whether an agentic workflow is production-ready?\
\
A: I check:\
- Task success rate on a held-out eval set\
- Latency per run (p50, p95)\
- HITL intervention rate (high = model not confident enough)\
- Failure mode coverage \'97 every failure path has a defined handler\
- Auditability \'97 full trace of every decision available\
- Guardrails tested against adversarial inputs\
\
Example:\
    Before shipping my log analysis agent:\
    - Ran 200 test log cases \uc0\u8594  91% resolved correctly (threshold was 90%) \u10003 \
    - p95 latency: 4.2s (acceptable for async use case) \uc0\u10003 \
    - HITL rate: 12% (reasonable \'97 only truly ambiguous cases escalated) \uc0\u10003 \
    - Injected malformed logs and prompt injection attempts \uc0\u8594  all handled \u10003 \
    \uc0\u8594  Approved for production.\
\
---\
\
Q34. Walk me through how you'd go from a messy operator workflow to a production agent.\
\
A: \
1. Shadow the operator \'97 understand actual steps, decision points, and edge cases\
2. Map the workflow as a flowchart \'97 identify nodes, branches, tools needed\
3. Identify what needs LLM reasoning vs. what's deterministic\
4. Build a minimal LangGraph prototype with mocked tools\
5. Swap in real tools, test on real data\
6. Add HITL at high-risk nodes, add evals, instrument observability\
7. Run in shadow mode (agent suggests, human acts) before full autonomy\
8. Promote to production once success rate and safety criteria are met\
\
Example:\
    Messy workflow: SOC analyst manually copies alert from SIEM into Slack,\
                    googles the IP, checks if it's in threat intel DB, writes a\
                    summary, and posts it to a ticket.\
    \
    Productized:    Agent auto-fetches alert \uc0\u8594  tool calls SIEM + threat intel API\
                    \uc0\u8594  LLM writes summary \u8594  auto-creates ticket. \
                    What took 15 mins now takes 20 seconds.\
\
---\
\
Q35. What's your approach to prompt engineering for agents?\
\
A: I treat prompts like code \'97 versioned, tested, iterated. Key practices:\
- Concrete examples > abstract descriptions in system prompts\
- Explicit output schema with a JSON example, not just field descriptions\
- Separate system prompt (role/context) from task prompt (current input)\
- Test prompt changes against an eval set before shipping\
\
Example:\
    Bad system prompt:\
        "Return a JSON with root_cause, confidence, and fix fields."\
\
    Good system prompt:\
        "Return ONLY valid JSON in this exact format:\
         \{\
           'root_cause': 'brief description of what caused the issue',\
           'confidence': 0.87,\
           'fix': 'specific remediation step'\
         \}\
         No explanation, no markdown, no extra fields."\
\
    Second version cuts JSON parse failures from 15% to under 1%.\
\
---\
\
Q36. How do you handle cost and latency optimization in LLM-heavy pipelines?\
\
A: \
- Semantic caching for repeated/similar queries\
- Use smaller/faster models for low-complexity nodes (routing, classification)\
- Reserve large models (GPT-4/Claude) for reasoning-heavy nodes only\
- Batch tool calls where possible instead of sequential\
- Monitor token usage per node to find expensive bottlenecks\
\
Example:\
    Before optimization:\
        Every node uses GPT-4 \uc0\u8594  avg run cost $0.08, latency 8s\
\
    After optimization:\
        Routing node:    GPT-3.5  (classify intent, simple task)\
        Enrichment node: GPT-3.5  (structured extraction)\
        Reasoning node:  GPT-4    (complex diagnosis only)\
        + semantic cache hits 40% of repeat queries\
        \uc0\u8594  avg run cost $0.02, latency 3.5s\
\
---\
\
Q37. What frameworks have you used and how do you choose between them?\
\
A: Primarily LangGraph and LangChain. LangGraph for stateful, cyclic, production-grade\
agent workflows \'97 explicit control over state and routing. LangChain for chains, tool\
wrappers, and retrieval components. CrewAI for quick role-based prototyping but not for\
complex production workflows due to less control. LlamaIndex for retrieval-heavy,\
document-centric workflows.\
\
Example:\
    Use LangGraph when:  workflow has loops, conditional routing, HITL, persistent state\
                         e.g., a triage agent that retries diagnosis if confidence is low\
\
    Use CrewAI when:     quick prototype, simple role-based delegation, no complex state\
                         e.g., "researcher + writer" demo in a hackathon\
\
    Use LlamaIndex when: the core value is document retrieval and knowledge grounding\
                         e.g., Q&A over 10,000 internal runbooks\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 11: PROJECTS\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q38. Tell me about your projects.\
\
A: I've built two end-to-end agentic AI systems.\
\
First \'97 Agentic AI Test Analysis Framework (Feb\'96Apr 2026):\
The problem was engineers spending hours manually debugging test logs. I built a LangGraph\
state machine that automatically parses logs, semantically diagnoses root causes, and creates\
Jira tickets with suggested fixes. Key pieces: a multi-layered memory architecture using\
ChromaDB and FAISS so the agent learns from past resolutions, a synthetic data engine to\
handle rare error patterns (cold-start problem), and a HITL validation layer for SME\
feedback. Reduced manual debugging time by 80%.\
\
Second \'97 Agentic AI Personal Health Coach (Jun\'96Aug 2025):\
Built an LLM-powered post-discharge companion for patients. The core challenge was privacy\
\'97 hospitals can't share patient data. I integrated Federated Learning via OpenFL so each\
hospital trains locally and only shares model updates, not raw records. The agent handled\
follow-ups, vitals tracking, and medication reminders using a simulated EHR system.\
\
Example:\
    Test Analysis Framework in one line:\
    "Broken log goes in \uc0\u8594  agent diagnoses it, checks memory for past fixes,\
     creates Jira ticket with solution \uc0\u8594  engineer gets a ready-to-act ticket."\
\
    Health Coach in one line:\
    "Patient discharged \uc0\u8594  agent sends personalized recovery reminders,\
     tracks vitals, flags anomalies to doctor \'97 all without sharing raw health data."\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 12: TRANSFORMER ARCHITECTURE & FUNDAMENTALS\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q39. Explain Transformer architecture with high-level steps.\
\
A: A Transformer processes input in parallel (unlike RNNs which are sequential). High-level\
flow for a standard encoder-decoder Transformer:\
\
1. Input Embedding      \'97 convert tokens to dense vectors\
2. Positional Encoding  \'97 inject position information into embeddings\
3. Encoder Stack        \'97 N layers of (Multi-Head Attention + Feed Forward + LayerNorm)\
                          Builds a rich contextual representation of the input\
4. Decoder Stack        \'97 N layers of (Masked Self-Attention + Cross-Attention + Feed Forward)\
                          Generates output tokens one at a time, attending to encoder output\
5. Linear + Softmax     \'97 project to vocabulary size, pick next token\
\
Example:\
    Translation: "I am happy" \uc0\u8594  "Je suis heureux"\
\
    Encoder reads "I am happy" all at once \uc0\u8594  builds context vectors\
    Decoder generates one token at a time:\
        Step 1: [START] \uc0\u8594  attends to encoder \u8594  predicts "Je"\
        Step 2: [START, Je] \uc0\u8594  attends to encoder \u8594  predicts "suis"\
        Step 3: [START, Je, suis] \uc0\u8594  predicts "heureux"\
        Step 4: predicts [END]\
\
---\
\
Q40. What is Multi-Head Attention and why do we need multiple heads?\
\
A: Attention computes how much each token should "focus on" every other token when building\
its representation. The formula is:\
    Attention(Q, K, V) = softmax(QK\uc0\u7488  / \u8730 d_k) \'b7 V\
\
Multi-head attention runs this in parallel H times with different learned projection matrices.\
Each head learns to attend to different types of relationships simultaneously.\
\
Why multiple heads?\
A single attention head can only capture one type of relationship at a time. Multiple heads\
let the model learn different relationship types in parallel and concatenates the results.\
\
Example:\
    Sentence: "The bank by the river was steep."\
\
    Head 1 might focus on:  syntactic relationships  ("bank" \uc0\u8592  subject of "was")\
    Head 2 might focus on:  semantic context         ("bank" near "river" \uc0\u8594  not financial)\
    Head 3 might focus on:  coreference              (linking pronouns to nouns)\
\
    With only 1 head, the model has to pick one focus. With 8 heads, it captures all of\
    them simultaneously \'97 making the representation much richer.\
\
---\
\
Q41. What is Positional Encoding and why do Transformers need it? How do RNNs manage without it?\
\
A: Transformers process all tokens in parallel \'97 there's no inherent notion of order. Without\
positional encoding, "dog bites man" and "man bites dog" would look identical to the model.\
Positional Encoding adds a position-dependent signal to each token embedding so the model\
knows where each token sits in the sequence.\
\
Original Transformers use sinusoidal functions:\
    PE(pos, 2i)   = sin(pos / 10000^(2i/d_model))\
    PE(pos, 2i+1) = cos(pos / 10000^(2i/d_model))\
Modern LLMs use Rotary Positional Encoding (RoPE) or learned embeddings instead.\
\
How do RNNs manage without it?\
RNNs process tokens sequentially \'97 one at a time, left to right. The hidden state at step t\
is computed from the hidden state at step t-1. Order is baked into the architecture itself \'97\
the model physically cannot see token 5 before token 4. So position is implicit.\
\
Example:\
    RNN processing "I am happy":\
        h1 = f(embed("I"),  h0)\
        h2 = f(embed("am"), h1)   \uc0\u8592  h1 already encodes that "am" comes after "I"\
        h3 = f(embed("happy"), h2)\
    Order is enforced structurally \'97 no explicit encoding needed.\
\
    Transformer processing "I am happy":\
        All three tokens processed simultaneously.\
        Without PE: model sees three vectors with no order \uc0\u8594  "am I happy" = "I am happy"\
        With PE:    each vector gets a unique positional signal added \uc0\u8594  order is preserved.\
\
---\
\
Q42. What is the difference between an Encoder and a Decoder in Transformers?\
\
A: \
Encoder:\
- Reads the full input all at once (bidirectional attention)\
- Every token can attend to every other token\
- Builds a rich contextual representation of the input\
- Used for: understanding tasks (classification, NER, embeddings)\
\
Decoder:\
- Generates output one token at a time (autoregressive)\
- Uses masked self-attention \'97 can only attend to past tokens, not future ones\
  (prevents cheating during training)\
- Also attends to encoder output via cross-attention (in encoder-decoder models)\
- Used for: generation tasks (text generation, translation, summarization)\
\
Example:\
    Encoder-only model:  BERT\
    Task: sentiment classification of "The movie was great"\
    All tokens attend to all others \uc0\u8594  rich bidirectional context \u8594  classify as Positive\
\
    Decoder-only model:  GPT, Claude, LLaMA\
    Task: complete "The sky is"\
    Generates tokens left to right \'97 "blue", then "and", then "clear"\
    Each new token only sees what came before it.\
\
    Encoder-Decoder model: T5, original Transformer (translation)\
    Encoder reads source language \uc0\u8594  Decoder generates target language\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 13: LLM EVALUATION & SAFETY\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q43. How do you check if the output of an LLM is biased?\
\
A: Bias in LLM output can be demographic, representation, or framing bias. Approaches:\
\
1. Counterfactual testing \'97 swap protected attributes, check if output changes\
2. Demographic parity \'97 does the model perform equally well across groups?\
3. Representation audit \'97 does generated content over/under-represent certain groups?\
4. Toxicity scoring \'97 tools like Perspective API or Detoxify to score outputs\
5. Human evaluation \'97 domain experts review outputs for subtle bias\
\
Example:\
    Counterfactual test:\
        Prompt A: "Write a performance review for John, a software engineer."\
        Prompt B: "Write a performance review for Priya, a software engineer."\
\
        If Prompt A outputs stronger leadership language and Prompt B outputs\
        more collaborative/supportive language with no other changes \'97 that's\
        gender bias. The only variable changed was the name.\
\
    Demographic parity test:\
        Run 100 loan approval scenarios with identical financials but varying names\
        (signaling different ethnicities). If approval rate differs across groups \uc0\u8594  bias.\
\
---\
\
Q44. How do you perform data validation in a GenAI pipeline?\
\
A: Data validation happens at multiple stages:\
\
1. Input validation   \'97 schema checks, type checks, length limits, sanitize for injection\
2. Retrieval validation \'97 verify retrieved chunks are from trusted sources, check relevance score\
3. Output validation  \'97 structured output with Pydantic, check required fields exist,\
                        confidence thresholds, hallucination checks\
4. Post-action validation \'97 after tool execution, verify the expected state change occurred\
\
Example:\
    Input validation:\
        class UserQuery(BaseModel):\
            query: str = Field(min_length=3, max_length=500)\
            session_id: str\
\
        # Rejects empty queries, suspiciously long inputs, or missing fields\
\
    Output validation:\
        class AgentOutput(BaseModel):\
            root_cause: str\
            confidence: float = Field(ge=0.0, le=1.0)\
            fix: str\
            source_doc_id: str   \uc0\u8592  if this ID doesn't exist in our DB \u8594  flag hallucination\
\
    Post-action validation:\
        After agent restarts a pod:\
            status = check_pod_status("auth-svc")\
            assert status == "Running"   \uc0\u8592  verify action had intended effect\
\
---\
\
Q45. How do you evaluate your GenAI solution end-to-end?\
\
A: I evaluate at three levels:\
\
1. Component-level:\
   - RAG: RAGAS metrics (faithfulness, answer relevancy, context recall, context precision)\
   - LLM output: task success rate on a labeled eval set, structured output validity\
\
2. System-level:\
   - End-to-end task success rate (did the agent solve the problem correctly?)\
   - Latency (p50, p95 per run)\
   - HITL intervention rate (proxy for model confidence)\
   - Cost per run (token usage)\
\
3. Behavioral/Safety:\
   - Adversarial input testing (prompt injection, jailbreaks, malformed inputs)\
   - Bias testing (counterfactual probes)\
   - Hallucination rate (LLM claims not grounded in retrieved context)\
\
Example:\
    For my log analysis agent eval set of 200 test cases:\
        Task success rate:     91%  \uc0\u10003   (threshold: 90%)\
        Faithfulness (RAGAS):  0.88 \uc0\u10003   (threshold: 0.85)\
        p95 latency:           4.2s \uc0\u10003   (acceptable for async)\
        HITL rate:             12%  \uc0\u10003   (only truly ambiguous cases escalated)\
        Hallucination rate:    3%   \uc0\u10003   (structured output + source citation enforced)\
    \uc0\u8594  Cleared for production.\
\
---\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
SECTION 14: ML FUNDAMENTALS\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Q46. What is the difference between RNN and LSTM?\
\
A:\
RNN (Recurrent Neural Network):\
- Processes sequences step by step, maintaining a hidden state h_t\
- h_t = tanh(W_h \'b7 h_(t-1) + W_x \'b7 x_t)\
- Problem: vanishing gradient \'97 gradients shrink exponentially as they backpropagate\
  through many steps \uc0\u8594  model forgets long-range dependencies\
\
LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory):\
- Adds a cell state (c_t) \'97 a separate "memory highway" alongside hidden state\
- Uses three gates to control information flow:\
    Forget gate:  how much of past cell state to erase\
    Input gate:   how much of new info to write to cell state\
    Output gate:  what part of cell state to expose as hidden state\
- Gates prevent vanishing gradients \uc0\u8594  LSTMs can remember dependencies 100s of steps back\
\
Example:\
    Task: predict the last word \uc0\u8594  "I grew up in France... I speak fluent ___"\
    \
    RNN:  by the time it reaches "speak", the context "France" from far back has\
          largely vanished from the hidden state \uc0\u8594  likely predicts a generic word\
    \
    LSTM: "France" is written to the cell state at step 5, the forget gate keeps it\
          alive across all intermediate steps, and it's still available at "speak"\
          \uc0\u8594  correctly predicts "French"\
\
---\
\
Q47. Are LLMs bad at classification? If yes, why?\
\
A: LLMs can do classification, but they're often suboptimal compared to fine-tuned\
discriminative models. Here's why:\
\
Reasons LLMs underperform on classification:\
1. They're generative, not discriminative \'97 trained to predict the next token, not to\
   output a probability distribution over fixed labels\
2. Sensitivity to prompt wording \'97 "Is this positive or negative?" vs "Classify sentiment"\
   can yield different results on the same input\
3. Calibration issues \'97 LLM confidence doesn't reliably map to actual probability of\
   being correct\
4. Latency and cost \'97 a fine-tuned BERT does classification in ~50ms for fractions of\
   a cent; GPT-4 takes 1-2s and costs 10-100x more\
5. Label hallucination \'97 LLM might return a label outside the defined set if not\
   constrained\
\
When LLMs ARE useful for classification:\
- Zero-shot or few-shot scenarios with no labeled training data\
- Complex multi-label or nuanced classification where rules are hard to define\
- When the label set changes dynamically\
\
Example:\
    Binary sentiment on 10,000 product reviews:\
    Fine-tuned DistilBERT: 94% accuracy, 40ms/sample, $0.0001/call  \uc0\u8592  better choice\
    GPT-4:                 93% accuracy, 1.5s/sample,  $0.01/call\
\
    BUT \'97 if you need to classify a support ticket into 50 dynamic categories that\
    change monthly, LLM zero-shot wins because retraining a classifier every month\
    is impractical.\
\
---\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Q: What was the most challenging work you did and how did you solve it?
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 The most challenging work was building 
\f1\b FederatedRuntime
\f2\b0  for OpenFL, Intel's open-source Federated Learning framework \'97 it's a merged PR in the official repository.\

\f1\b The Problem:
\f2\b0  Data scientists had to maintain two separate codebases \'97 one for local simulation, one for distributed deployment. The goal was simple: write your experiment once in a Jupyter notebook \
and deploy the same code to distributed nodes without changing anything.\

\f1\b Why it was hard \'97 three things at once:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Architecture from scratch
\f2\b0  \'97 I designed and built three new components: Director, Envoy, and FederatedRuntime, with gRPC transport and mTLS security. Nothing existed to build on.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Async refactoring
\f2\b0  \'97 The existing Aggregator was synchronous. I had to refactor it to asyncio while keeping it backward-compatible with existing workflows.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Distributed-only bugs
\f2\b0  \'97 Collaborators dropping connection on experiment completion, checkpoint not initializing, workspace errors on redeploy. None of these reproduced locally \'97 only in actual distributed runs.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 How I solved it:
\f2\b0 \
Built and validated each component in isolation before wiring them together. For the async refactoring, ran the old and new Aggregator in parallel against the same test cases until outputs matched. \
For distributed bugs, set up a 4-node WSL environment to reproduce each failure deterministically, then fixed the gRPC shutdown handshake and the async initialization ordering.\

\f1\b Outcome:
\f2\b0  PR merged into the official OpenFL repo. One line change \'97 
\f3\fs26 LocalRuntime
\f2\fs24  to 
\f3\fs26 FederatedRuntime
\f2\fs24  \'97 and the same experiment runs on distributed infrastructure.\
\
Q: Straggler Handling\
Another challenging piece was 
\f1\b straggler handling in OpenFL's Federated Learning framework
\f2\b0  \'97 two merged PRs in the official repository.\

\f1\b The Problem:
\f2\b0  In distributed FL, a training round can't complete until all collaborating nodes finish their tasks. One slow node \'97 a straggler \'97 blocks every other node and tanks throughput. \
There was no mechanism to handle this. The framework just waited indefinitely.\

\f1\b Why it was hard:
\f2\b0 \
The fix sounds simple \'97 add a timeout. But FL training rounds are stateful and cyclical. The core challenge was: 
\f3\fs26 threading.Timer
\f2\fs24  can only be started once per object. \
So every round, you can't just restart the same timer \'97 you have to delete the old object and instantiate a new one. Getting this lifecycle wrong meant the policy either fired at the \
wrong time, didn't fire at all, or leaked memory across rounds.\
On top of that, the Aggregator wasn't tracking which collaborators had finished 
\f1\b all
\f2\b0  tasks vs. just one task. Without fixing that, the cutoff logic would trigger prematurely \'97 \
cutting off nodes that were mid-task, not actually stragglers.\
There was also a thread-safety issue \'97 multiple collaborators reporting results concurrently could race on the shared completion state. Had to introduce a 
\f3\fs26 Lock
\f2\fs24  around collaborator tracking.\

\f1\b How I solved it:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Added a 
\f3\fs26 start_policy
\f2\fs24  interface to 
\f3\fs26 StragglerHandlingFunction
\f2\fs24  so policies are pluggable\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implemented 
\f3\fs26 CutoffTimeBasedStragglerHandling
\f2\fs24  with 
\f3\fs26 threading.Timer
\f2\fs24  \'97 timer fires a callback after cutoff, which applies the policy only if minimum reporting threshold is met\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Fixed the Aggregator to track collaborators that completed 
\f1\b all
\f2\b0  assigned tasks, not just the first one\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Used 
\f3\fs26 time.monotonic()
\f2\fs24  for reliable elapsed time tracking (reviewer suggestion I incorporated)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the follow-up PR, consolidated all policies into a single module, cleaned up the architecture based on code review feedback, and ran full regression tests\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Outcome:
\f2\b0  Both PRs merged into the official OpenFL repo. The framework now supports configurable straggler policies \'97 rounds complete on time even when slow nodes are present, without blocking the entire federation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs22 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs22 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
================================================================\
END OF Q&A PREP \'97 GOOD LUCK ISHANT!\
================================================================}